1. What is Emmet ?
Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor. It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code. By using Emmet, developers type less, they save both on keystrokes and time. Also relying on Emmet's auto completion means fewer typos and missing tags, leading to more robust and valid files.

2. Difference between Library and Framework ?
When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application. You are choosing when and where to call the library. When you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.

3. What is CDN ? Why do we use it ?
A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy applications. CDN can stand for content delivery network or content distribution network. When a user visits a website, data from that website's server has to travel across the internet to reach the user's computer. If the user is located far from that server, it will take a long time to load a large file, such as a video or website image. Instead, the website content is stored on CDN servers geographically closer to the users and reaches their computers much faster.

A CDN improves efficiency by introducing intermediary servers between the client and the website server. These CDN servers manage some of the client-server communications. They decrease web traffic to the web server, reduce bandwidth consumption, and improve the user experience of your applications.

4. Why React is known as React ?
Realizing that FBolt wouldn’t be a great name for the library when used on its own, Jordan Walke and Tom Occhino decided on a new name: "React". 
  Jordan commented:This API reacts to any state or property changes, and works with data of any form (as deeply structured as the graph itself) so I think the name is fitting.
  
  
5. What is cross-origin in script tag ?
The crossorigin attribute on a <script> tag specifies that CORS is supported when loading an external script file from a third party server or domain.
CORS is a standard mechanism used to retrieve files from other domains.

6. What is difference between React and ReactDOM ?
The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react.

The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it for one single thing: mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().
  
7. Difference betwenn react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN ?
Functionally both are same. React production files are minified one to reduce the size of the file to improve loading time and performance. Whereas development files are readable which makes the file larger and takes comparable time to load than the production version files

8. What are async and defer ?
async attribute in script tag doesn't interrupt the HTML parsing during the file download. Once the script files are downloaded, it pauses the HTML rendering and completes the script execution, then continues the HTML parsing.

defer attribute in script tag doesn't interrupt the HTML parsing during the file download and waits for HTML parsing to complete. Once HTML parsing is completed, script starts its execution in order.

If the order of script execution is necessary, then go for defer, since the async attribute does not guarantee the order of script execution.
